Hello, hello, hello, hello, guys.
We are now live.  Well, I'm basically doing this
live stream because I'm
deeply disappointed and
honestly pretty pissed off too, I'm
not going to deny it because this
seems to me to have been one of the
biggest spitballs of falsehood I've
probably seen in my entire life.
Okay.  Hey, now I'm going to show you the
evidence about this.  Uh, but
basically so you guys understand, the
main reason I didn't want to
debate God is because I didn't
want to offend this guy I was
debating.  Literally.  That's the
main reason and I'm going to show you the
proof, okay?  And I didn't want to start a
debate about this and the reason why I did
n't want to offend him was because he had
n't been stopping by in several live streams
to donate to me, but
also uh in private he was telling me things
like, "Wait a minute, uh
I love you das I mean literally
this guy, okay, no wait I'm going to change
this. Um, it
's just very strong, uh, I swear.
too much too strong. Um,
transform, I
mean, really, this thing is very strong
. This guy uh, literally
spoke to me as if I were the biggest fan of
the fans of the fans in the world. Okay,
but exaggerated, extremely exaggerated, but
outrageous.
And when I just got on the call he
was also a super mega fan and of course, I
never want to be offending
anyone and it seemed like a very
strong subject and at first, what I told him at the
beginning, I'm going to look for the
conversations, okay? Because I have them
here. What he said at the beginning to
J is that um he did
n't want to offend him and that he told me  I
was going around in circles and in the end I said,
"No, look, you know what, I'd rather not
do it because I felt bad that
someone who was saying those things to me
privately, who was saying, I
love you, you give I don't know what, I don't know how many, I'm a
huge fan of yours, blah blah blah," who also
said it to me even here, suddenly
became so aggressive, so aggressive and
constantly disrespectful. I mean, it
's something that caught me
super off guard, but exaggerated. Now I
'm going to show you all the screenshots,
okay? And I'm also going to show you the
beginning to the beginning of the call. I did
n't finish recording everything, but I'm going to
show you what I can show you, okay?
Um, but there were constant
disrespects, but exaggerated. And from
starting to say, "Get to studying, I don't
know what, like, a lot of things." I'm going
to mute the donations so I can
respond to everything. I hope you're doing amazing,
as always here wanting to say hello.
Very big, thank you very much, Edwin.  And
lots of kisses, Pati Palo, a
big kiss. Thank you so much, I
appreciate it a lot. And let me explain this
well, because of course, many of you might not have
understood or might have freaked out,
but literally, I thought we
were just going to say, eh, okay,
the subject has changed. And the reason was because
I didn't feel comfortable getting into
something so personal for a person who was
supposedly, supposedly a fan of
mine and had followed me since I was little. That was
the reason. And I'm going to show you. I'm
going to show you. At first, he
starts saying,
"Pay attention, eh,
look, these are old messages
telling him that I just wanted to ask
questions because at first I agreed and
at first I said, "Come on, let's
do it."  But then I started to think about it
and I started
feeling bad, bad for him, which is the
worst part.  Too bad for him.  I was feeling
bad and thinking, it's that a topic this
personal, hm, I'm not going to change
anyone's mind, really.  And at
first I thought, you know what?  I thought I'd
rather use the maieutic than
just ask questions and that's it,
because I don't feel
like making him feel bad,
you know?  Uh, and then because I didn't start
making her feel bad, hm, I ended up
saying, "Let's just leave it or do it
later or whatever."  It was
just like, I don't know, I didn't feel
comfortable at all, um, uh, doing things that are
so uh debating such a personal topic
like that, because I know I'm not going to
change it and it's like, why?  Know?
Over the years, I've come to understand
that there are issues that are
foolish to debate with people because you'll
literally never get them to
think, and if they think, that
's the way it is.  You're never ever going to
make them stop doing what
they're doing.  But ideally the guy starts and
tells me in front of everyone that
I've changed the subject, that I don't know what and
it's like, well, something that I'm doing
because it turns out bad for me because of you.  And I thought we were
just going to say publicly that
we'd changed the subject and that's it.  It
was actually Christian versus atheist,
but it didn't say that we were going to have a
specific debate, you know?  We didn't
specifically say we were going to debate.  I
thought, "Better abortion, which is something that will
never affect you personally, than because
you are also a man, on other,
more complex topics."  So, that's why I did
n't want to debate about it, because I felt
sorry for him, literally, because I felt
sorry for him and I didn't want to make him feel
bad because I know I'm not going to change his
mindset.  You can never change
the mindset of anyone,
literally.  And the guy with two balls goes and
says the first thing when J
from the podcast literally said nothing about it,
nothing at all.  He literally
said, "Well, we've agreed that we've
changed."  And I said, "That's it, that's it,
no need to say anything else."  And the other one
with a pair of balls starts saying,
"Because you give I don't know what, because you give I don't know
how many."  I was in shock, I swear,
huh?  I was in shock.  In shock.  It was
like, "But what is this
guy doing?"  I mean, literally, what is
this guy doing?  You say that, and it's also
unprofessional for me to
accept it from you.  It's like, like,
unprofessional of him to take it from me
when he's literally the [ __ ]
disrespectful one.
Wait while I get the
messages for you.
That is, he literally never
raised the issue.  Hey,
look, look how he starts saying, "Ah,
but then I start doing I don't know what."
And I say, "Don't worry, we'll
get through it. So, no problem,
let's move on."  And he says, "Okay,
we do this, I don't know what, I don't know how many."
It's like, "I'm telling you we'll
do this later because at
first I agreed and then I felt bad, you
know? I felt bad, honestly. I
And that's the reason why I didn't want to
do it because I felt bad because I
thought the guy was a fan. he was like,
really, read this again,
please, he was literally like, "I love you
Dallas, I love you, Dallas, like I'm
his girlfriend, dude." And suddenly, out of
nowhere, he starts telling me that and making
me look like the really bad guy. And
on top of that, well, the chat thing was a
joke, right? The chat thing was a [ __ ]
joke and the comments on the video
are also a [ __ ] joke saying,
"Oh, Dallas wasn't prepared, I don't know
what." Sorry. I literally prepared
all of this, literally all of this, there are
an outrageous number of
scientific studies that I started
citing here, an outrage. For each
argument, I attached a study, each
argument has a link, each
argument has a source. And he  He said,
"Pure [ __ ], pure [ __ ], pure [ __ ]." He wasn't
arguing anything with consent, he
was just saying nonsense on the air
and, come on, I'll quote you, I don't know what, a million
stupid things and it's like, "Dude, at
least give a summary, like I do here, you
know?  Every year, 700 women die
from pregnancy-related complications
, blah blah, these are the
complications of getting pregnant.
How easy it is to get pregnant with
the sources and yet the comments are
full of people saying, "Dallas didn't
prepare."  "Are you
[ __ ] stupid or what the [ __ ] is wrong with your
head, man?"  Literally, how come
I didn't prepare?  I mean, all this [ __ ]
I prepared, but the amount of
[ __ ] I prepared about this is exaggerated, that each
of the things has a source, a
statistic, a graph, everything, everything, everything
, everything has.  There isn't a single
point that doesn't have a
scientific paper attached to it, right?  There isn't a
single point without scientific papers
attached, and you still have the balls to say
that I wasn't prepared, mate, that you were
talking 90% of the time and were
constantly disrespectful.  And of course, at
first I didn't say it because it was like,
well, he didn't know this.  I
told him for personal reasons I preferred to
do it, but I never said to him, "What
personal reasons, you know?"
Yes, yes, I know that.   I
know that.  I know the guy has been
reading 95% of the time.  He was
literally wearing the cap like this, covering his
eyes, and when he didn't cover it, you could
see him doing this, reading from
side to side, reading, reading, reading,
reading, reading from side to side.  Dude,
we're having a debate, do me a [ __ ] favor.
And when I tell him this, he starts
saying, "Because I do do
real debates."  But what kind of hater arguments
are these, man?  Seriously,
I mean, what kind of hater arguments are
these?  I'm in shock, I swear, in
shock, but in total and absolute shock,
eh?  Because at first I said, well,
maybe he didn't know because I
said it for personal reasons, but I never
told him it was because I didn't want to
offend him, because if I tell him I don't
want to offend him, he's going to say, "No,
no, you're not offending me."  But it's just that it makes
me feel bad.  It's not so much about him
as it is about how bad I feel, about
having empathy for him, you know?  It's the
main reason why I didn't do it.
Literally, bombastic all the time,
cultured words, eh, bombastic
weapons can't be used and a bunch of
nonsense that makes no sense at all.
When it's as simple as answering
the basic questions I'm asking you
, right?  Now, the chat and
comments are full of haters, but full of
haters, I mean, I literally put a
ton of evidence on screen, but
a lot of evidence.  Everything I put
is associated with a scientific article,
okay?  We're not talking about any
nonsense, we're talking about
literal papers published in
Pubmed, okay?  Literally, papers
published and verified on Pubm and he
comes to me and says, "Ah, Dallas didn't
prepare. Shut the [ __ ] up, man,
what do you mean I didn't prepare? What do you mean I didn't
prepare? So what?"
And then don't miss it, okay?  Because
on top of that, he starts sending me
to study.  Man, I'm going to tell you to
tell me every single fragment
in every single
scientific study I've cited here.  No,
because I know you can't know
everything.  He's really a
scoundrel, man.  What a scoundrel.
But what really pisses me off, what
really really pisses me off is
that at first I said, "Well,
maybe he didn't know, you know?"  And
maybe you think so, but come on, at no
point in the conversation did he show me
any
kind of discontent about it.
Literally,
literally.  I love you, Dallas.  It was his
last message.  I love you, Dallas.  The
honor is mine.   I'm
also going to show you for a moment,
uh, for a moment, for a moment, for a
moment, for a moment, for a moment, for a
moment.  I'm going to show you
handsome.  How are you, lost?  More
enormous.  Now I reactivate the uh the
bits.  Now I'll read you properly, okay?  Because
I want to end with this point, which is that it
seems to me, well, it has seemed to me to be a
constant lack of respect.  I want to
show you because I didn't have time to record
everything and only see him exactly when he
greeted me, exactly when he greeted me super
fanby, but exaggerated, huh?  Just a
moment,
literally.  Yes, yes, people with their
bombastic words.  Oh, how it tastes,
how it tastes, man.  He's just talking
nonsense with nothing coherent.  He's
talking a lot, but not saying anything.  And
I hate that.  I say it with all my soul.
If you're going to talk
from 2013.
Here it is.  Look, this was because I
got involved and as soon as I got involved he started
telling me, "Dallas, you know, I'm a
superfan, I don't know what, I don't know how many."
This is what I recorded, huh?  This is what I
managed to record, just so you know I
'm a superfan, I don't know what, I've loved you
guys for a long time.  And
then I said, well, I'm going to record it just in
case.  I often record it, but
this time I wasn't going to record the
beginning of everything, but instead I hit
record and managed to capture this.  Pay attention
to what he says, okay?  Pay attention.  Listen, pay
attention, okay?
I've known you since 2013. 2012. You
were my childhood, bro.  You were my inf.
For when?  Why did you meet me?
Why?
Look, back then you were doing
reviews and you were doing, you were getting into Chad.  Hey,
did you hear that?  There it is
true that a red flag was raised on me.
There a red flag appeared and it says
chatrulets.
I used to go on chatroulet, which I've never
done in my [ __ ] life.
There I got a red flag,
but I thought, well, maybe he's mistaken,
what do I know, but no, it's not like the guy
was actually faking it from the
start.  It's a fake.  It's a piece of
fake.  Listen to this, huh?
Or you did it
in,
look, I remember that
in chat roulette, you just said,
no, no, no, no.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.  You're a liar,
man.
I remember that, well, I went through
the whole Wismichu controversy, the one from 2020
before that.  Bro, you rocked it.
Then I did all the, uh, I did the
thing with the dog too.  I threw the
Well, the thing is that Wismichu was the
legend, man.  Uh, and well it
was strong.
How old are you, Rigoberto?
I, I was a little pambicito and
you, you, and you, how old are you, Rigoberto,
I mean, I say this because
I'm 25.
Of course, you're my brother's, because
I don't know about that stuff
.  Das, you're from '95, aren't you?
93. 23.
Ah, you are two years older than me.
Now,
anyway.  I don't know if there's anything more relevant
right after this, but my point
remains the same.  Is there anything
relevant or not after this?  My point
remains the same.  The point is that
the guy was a mega hyper ultra fan, but
exaggerated.  And the reason I didn't
want to debate that topic is because at
first I said, "Okay, yeah."  But then he
spoke to me with such affection, he told me
so many things, "I love you, I don't know what, I don't
know how many."  You literally just
saw it, they told me in the
messages.   He
never showed any kind of discontent,
literally never.   I
gave him a different excuse.  In
fact, I gave him a different excuse
.  I told him that I didn't trust
the other guy very much.  That's what I told him, that I saw
things I didn't like very much, but the
real reason was that I felt bad about
debating with him on this topic.  And
then he started telling me all this,
how are you Dallas?  I would love to be able to
debate with you, blah blah blah blah
blah, I support you so much, I love you
so much, just between us, bli bli
bli you have my word, it will be a
show for the only one, for the
public and I don't know what and bli blah blah blah.  And
I say, "I know, I know."
And the guy as soon as he starts to
throw me
What's going on?
How can you be so [ __ ] fake,
dude?  What a [ __ ] fake, dude.  But
how exaggerated.  I mean, literally the
guy from the podcast started saying,
"Well, let's say, um,
let's say, uh, well, I don't know, uh,
we just agreed to change the
subject and that's it."  And I was like, "Yeah, it's not a big deal
, you don't even need to say it. In
fact, we didn't even
specifically say that we were going to debate,
so it's not a big deal, you know? It's
irrelevant. And then the guy
introduced it well, honestly, he
introduced it well, and he was the one
I trusted the least, honestly.
And he introduced it well and the other guy
comes out with this [ __ ] and I'm like,
"But dude, what are you doing saying something that
we said privately here so that
everyone can misinterpret it however they want
?" And on top of that, you're saying that it's
unprofessional, that if I don't know what.
What?
I was just in shock, in shock. It's just
that, I
swear, I didn't really react at that
moment because this is someone who's
been sucking my balls for years, for
years, uh, for years. I'm going to tell you
when the first chat was. I'm
going to tell you when the first
chat was.
Look, it's not loading. Okay, I'm
clicking up here and it's not loading.
Okay, but look. March 2024, almost
2 years ago, almost 2 years.
Almost 2 years, huh? Almost 2 years of being so
annoying like this, like this, like this, annoying me,
and I feel bad for him, I enter the
debate and he starts throwing [ __ ] at me,
man. We couldn't have a
normal conversation, right? He needed to, uh,
humiliate me and make me see
himself as a great, a great person,
right? He had the need to see himself and
also spout off these [ __ ] bad guy arguments
all the time. I
swear, uh, I've never seen someone
so fake, huh? I've never seen
someone so [ __ ] fake. How [ __ ]
crazy. How [ __ ] crazy. And here, look
what I said to him. Look what I said to him
here. It's
really strong, huh?
This is what I said to him, okay? I
said, "We can have
related topics, I don't know what, but I don't know if it
exists or not."  Wait, there's one
more door up there.
Look at this. I say, "I know, Rigo, I
know.  I know you're not even a hater, but I have
n't been talking about these topics for very long, and there's one
reason you haven't talked about it in a while,
and that's that it's dangerous, very risky, and
somewhat undeserved.  Ideally, I
tell him that, ideally." And I tell him it
's not because it's not because of that, Rigo, really
not. And it's like, eh, man, hm, literally,
literally, literally I felt sorry for making you
feel bad. Literally, I felt sorry for
making you feel bad because it's a topic that I'm
not going to change your opinion, what's
the point of debating it? I
feel bad. I say, let's do it another
time and that's it. Just to drag it out a
bit.
And then I see that he starts throwing a
lot of [ __ ] at me. But it's just that there was
a lot of disrespect, eh? He started
telling me that you're not studying, I don't know,
not that you don't come prepared, that I don't
come prepared, dude. Are you stupid or
what the [ __ ] is wrong with you, really. Are you
stupid or what the [ __ ] is wrong with you, dude?
Look at this, huh? Look at this. The
amount of studies that I dedicated myself to
collecting. The amount of studies.
There's not a single literal sun, it's that you can't
find a single citation. No  Can you
find a single citation without a study on
the matter, and not a
disgusting press article, right? No, no, no.
Literally published papers and studies
, reviewed by multiple
people in the scientific field.
And you're going to come and tell me I didn't do my
research?
The guy who literally just kept
spouting a bunch of arguments in the air
that he was reading from the GPT chat that
generated it and his friend kept
sending it to him and reading, reading, reading,
reading. Come
on, I'm in shock, I swear,
in shock, but in shock, right?
In shock. I was in shock. Let me
see because I know there's more and I don't
want to forget anything.
Um, wait
a minute, I have more things
here. Ana Pena, gorgeous, I
love you so much. I'm sending you a big kiss,
my girl. I'm going to play it again, because
that deserves a dance. Big kiss,
darling. Love you so much, my girl.
Huge kiss, gorgeous, loves you
a lot, really.  Remember a
canned, grandiloquent,
redundant, and absurd speech. He never answers
anything or says anything. Talking quickly and
nonstop is part of the staging
so as to say nothing. Literally, he didn't
say anything. Look, I was asking him
simple questions, right? I'm asking him simple questions the whole time
, but he
didn't say anything, man. He didn't say anything. It
was like talking to a politician,
literally. Like talking to a
politician. I swear, right? It's the same
because it doesn't sound right. What a strange thing.
Now yes, now yes. You're so sorry,
darling. Sending you a kiss, my girl,
really. And I,
[Music]
kiss, my big, precious,
beautiful girl. Kiss me. Thank you so much
.
Rigoberto has a canned,
grand, eloquent, redundant, and absurd speech. He
never answers anything or says anything
quickly and nonstop, it's part of his
staging so as to say nothing. But
also, I love to do
maieutics.  I literally love him with all
my soul, and if you notice, I caught him
contradicting himself several times,
and then he would say,
"No, but it's just that, boom." And then he would
start inventing something else. And then he
would invent something else. And then he would
invent something else. If I caught him having
inconsistencies in his speech,
then he would invent something else. And the last one,
once I caught him, the one with which we ended
the debate, was the one where the guy started
saying, "What was it?" Would you remind me,
please? The last one of all, the last one
of all that I said, "I caught you
in your own theory, I caught you and you
are incapable of responding." Do you
remember? No, I don't remember which one it
was, but it was one.
Mm, yeah, literally. Or the example of the
essence, man, give me an example. What is
essence? Not to say, essence is the
metaphysics of what Saint
Thomas Aquinas implies in his verse number three
of book number  eight. Dude, give me a
practical example of what essence is,
dude. Give me a practical example and that's it
. N, that's not going to do it. Just a
bunch of what you say, it's embarrassing, a
canned speech. Basically, there were
people, Camistar says, there were people who
paid to do super chat messing
with your fans. He was just dodging bullets,
literally, he was full of heteo. I was
like, "Where have I gotten myself into?"  What is this
place? Literally, all hate, all hate,
right? All hate. Exaggerated. I'm going to read
those of you who posted super chat before,
given, right? and donations. Um,
uh, thanks, Marislais, hello mialas, your
patience is God-level. The people in the
chat were very pathetic when the man
disrespected you, everyone was Dasas
crying, literally. But when you did
the end, they started to get outraged
because you're so respectful. Reporting
the debate literally they were there the whole time.
At first, before starting the
debate, we didn't start earlier because the
podcaster had a ton of
audio problems. I joined 10 minutes early, 10
minutes early, right? And we started 15
minutes late because the podcaster
had audio problems and the whole
chat was saying, "Dallas messed up, Dasas
is a coward, I don't know what." And it's like,
"But these people, where the [ __ ] did they
come from, right?  Where the [ __ ] did that come from?"
In fact, I started to tease them myself.
I even started posting "dala" from my own account, it
was crazy. I mean, they're
[ __ ] idiots. What the [ __ ] is wrong with their [ __ ]
heads? I swear. Mentally ill.
What the [ __ ] is wrong with them, what is it that
's really so ridiculous? I swear, huh?
Full of mentally ill people. And now the
comments are also full of mentally ill people
.
Even though I'm on the
same page as Dallas, he didn't prepare anything. I did
n't prepare anything, dude. The one who
literally didn't show a single piece of evidence
for anything he was saying, which I had to
look for myself, this guy, what was his
name? This
Alexi, no, Alexander Venkin, I had to
look for him myself to see what the hell he was
talking about and when I start looking for him
I see that he's an agnostic guy that
Christians use their arguments on a loop
to say, "See, this is because he did it all
.  Please, please, I mean, what the
[ __ ] is this?  Literally, what the [ __ ] is
this?" and they tell me that I wasn't
prepared, dude, literally, that I
wasn't prepared. It's that I'm
freaking out, right? They didn't give a damn. They couldn't care
less that every single
thing I say has a
scientific study associated with it. It's irrelevant to
them. It wasn't just my word, it was a
bunch of scientific studies associated
with my word and what I was
putting out there. They didn't give a damn. They
really didn't give a damn. I swear. It just
seems so ridiculous to me, so ridiculous.
Exaggerated, right? Let's see, I'll keep reading.
Give me a moment. Um, uh, thanks.
Hakuyin, hi, how are you? Is he on the
live show? The truth is, when he was talking to the
guy I disconnected because of all the
cultisms, the guy is immature,
too many cultisms, too many, too many, too many, too many
. It's
an exaggeration. Thanks, Kenes Montero.
Rigoberto has been listening to a
YouTuber called  Aristarcus. He's a
Spanish YouTuber. I recommend searching for
Aristarcus. Um, well
maybe, who knows, I don't know.
Clearly the guy wanted his
moment of fame
being here with me so that the idiots would
applaud his stupidity, like, "Ayomo, you
humiliated him, [ __ ] him." I
swear. What a piece of [ __ ]. What a
[ __ ] fake guy. I'm freaking out,
huh? It's just that he's been pissing me off for
two years, man.
It's just that the old messages aren't loading for me
now. I don't know why I'm
doing it, but they're not loading for me. Honestly,
the old messages aren't loading for me. But you
've already seen the first one from
March 21st, man. What the [ __ ] is this? I
'm really freaking out, really freaking out
. I'm in shock. Two
years thinking that this guy was a
huge fan, that he came to the live shows
to donate to me and everything. And then this starts and he
starts throwing [ __ ] at me, but
exaggeratedly. Those of you who just arrived at the
Live, go to the beginning of the live stream,
please, so I can show you all the
evidence of the messages he was sending me.
I'm in shock, okay? I swear,
in shock. Let's see, I'll keep reading. Um,
thanks, Cikenda, gorgeous, said
Cikenda. Oh,
[ __ ], I'm losing it,
okay? I'm not going to lie, I didn't watch the
whole thing. I was too lazy to listen to him,
okay? [ __ ], I just don't know why
this [ __ ] is going so badly.
God,
he was bombastic and philosophical. He said
stupid things, but nobody understood. I
even had to ask J what the [ __ ]
he said sometimes, but in a disguised way. It's
real. And then I don't know what
the chat responded when he said, "Chat,
you understood, right?"
Suddenly the entire chat is made up of the most
cultured people who know every detail, every
quote from every author in every part of the
world. Please shut the hell up, you damn
liars. Who the [ __ ] is going to
Know all those quotes by heart? It's
impossible. Even if you've
read it once in your life, or twice or three times,
you can't remember all of this by
heart. I've read so many things about it
from so many people and so
many papers, and I don't remember
them all. One topic that interests me,
for example, is space, and I
often watch videos and read things
about everything, and I don't remember
all of it by heart. Ideally, I don't remember
all of it by heart. Hey, it's
literally impossible to remember it by heart. And even less so
if you start spouting a bunch of
bombastic words and erudite terms
all the time. It's really
ridiculous. Thanks Leonardo, I really appreciate it
. Hi Dallas, pissed off because
Bara lost in a brutal robbery, but oh well,
I hope you're doing well. Hugs Leonardo,
sending you a kiss, gorgeous. Bxira,
thank you so much. He says, "I'm a Christian, I
knew this was going to end like this."   You
should have investigated that Rigoberto is a
smoke bean.  He uses big words
to say bread and butter.  I am
pro-life, with few exceptions,
but it seemed to me that Roberto was just
showing off.  It's not that he's showing off,
because I don't care if he shows off.  The
biggest problem I find with him is how
disrespectful he was and then
the apology he made was disgusting.   What
do you mean, sorry if I offended you?  [ __ ]
you, dude.  You were looking to offend.   What
do you mean, sorry if I offended you?  You
're a [ __ ] clown, man.  That's not how you
make an apology.  The apology is in
the burden, it's on the person who
offended me, not on me for being offended by the
[ __ ] you're saying to me.  And it's not
just an ah, because then they
started to comment on the crybaby.
Literally the whole chat was Dallas
crying, das crying.  which was the la, I
mean, I looked at it at the beginning and I looked at it at the
end and at the end when he was talking,
uh, I put the chat and
literally everyone was putting Das
Dallas you are Terminator, Dallas er
spamming him, spamming him,
spamming him.  And I'm like, but these people
are stupid, I mean, they're not capable of
understanding the example I gave them, which
basically says, "No, a dog
isn't sentient."  And the question is,
how do you know that I am sentient if you
don't experience mine, if you don't
experience it?  Know?  And everyone was
like, "Daster, "Das Terminator,
have you seen it?" And then I made this
joke of putting this on, I literally
put this on and I put das Terminator and
suddenly the whole chat changed and they were like,
"How immature, I don't know what, how immature, I do
n't know how many." And it's like, "But these
people, where the [ __ ] did they escape from?"
I mean, no matter what I do and what I
say, it doesn't matter how much information I provide, it doesn't
matter how many scientific studies I
provide, it doesn't matter how
respectful I am, that I let them talk, I
'm talking like 95% of the time. It
would be good to measure that, eh,
honestly, so that there
was really a measurement of how much time
he was talking and how much time
I was talking, because I think that 90 95%
of the time he was talking, eh, I
tell you honestly, but they don't
care, they can say any
nonsense and first they start making fun
of, "Oh, you're terminator, you're terminator."
When mushroom to  make a joke, then
how childish, I don't know what. But these
rabble, where the hell did they go? I
swear, eh. I swear, I swear,
rabble. But I just don't have any more
words to define them, rabble. Hey,
let me keep reading.
Um,
eh,
here Luis Smith says, "It made me angry to
see how people got carried away by
their bombastic words, quotes and
learned terms that really contributed little or nothing
." You did it in that the site,
we are very pambis and still in the
end he donated to say that he won.
What? You're kidding me, he
really did that, how can he be so
pathetic, he really started doing that, it
's really how can he be so
pathetic to do this to me. When
the guy started saying, "We're 2-0 bl
and now 3-0 and now 4-0" and it's like,
"But what the [ __ ] world do you live in,
dude?" I mean, what a childish [ __ ]
to start doing.  What nonsense is
that? Like, already saying, "I've already won,
come on again, come on again." And it's like,
"Dude, please do me a favor."
That the things you're saying are
outrageous. Literally, neither you
nor your own theories are supported.
Please, it's pure outrageousness one after
another. And you still come here pretending to be the
winner. Shut your mouth. For God's sake,
really, how insufferable, huh? How
insufferable, I swear. Let's see.
Zigc World says, "Have you gone to change the
mentality of a lot of people, do you give more than they
want to admit?" I'm sure.
Thank you so much for that. Kisses, Zig
World. Thanks Pippel, I
really appreciate it. He says, "Hey, Dallas, I was last
on stream a while ago, things have been just
right and for my year of study.  I can
work full time.  I have a
pending debate on Gaza.  I started BBJ and am
saving up for my certification.  I'm
so glad, Pippel, I'm so glad,
gorgeous.  I'll send you myself.  I hope you're doing
great, beautiful.  I'm sending you the same
girl.  Thanks a lot.  I'm Veri.
Thanks a lot.  He says, "Awesome.
Now you'll not only have regular bad guys,
but religious bad guys too.
New level of handymen unlocked.
Literally, what a [ __ ] crazy thing this is, man. I
mean, but really, seriously, you're
telling me I didn't prepare. What do you mean I did
n't prepare? He certainly didn't
prepare. What the [ __ ] are you talking about?
Please, I swear, seriously. Em
saves the chat before he deletes the
messages. I'm not showing the most
important thing here right now, but he's
probably going to delete messages,
of course. Hey, he's like, "Hey,
handsome, we're having a Milanese.
Thank you very much, I send you a huge kiss."
Thank you very much. I send you this, which
says, "Tesfiero Nadalas, the debate
was good on your part and in the end it's about
showing the studies.  Your conclusion was
very good, by the way.  I'm sure you'll
also discuss these issues with Fit, another
YouTuber, and it
could be interesting.  Since I know,
precious, thanks so much for the tip.   She
says, "From what I understood, people can't have
abortions because they have souls and with
that logic dogs are allowed to have
abortions. That's a good one. I should have
asked that one. She says full, "Hey,
handsome, thank you very much full," says
Ana Pena. Ah, no, Ana Pena I read it, eh.
Thank you very much, Anapena again
how beautiful Camistar says, "And there were
people who paid to do a super chat
messing with your fans." The Squad
bullets. Ah, I read it before. Thanks,
Camistar, I really appreciate it, eh?
Thanks Edwin, gorgeous. In the end I
swear you can't trust anyone. I
think I would do what, [ __ ], I've
lost it. Um, I think anyone would
do what you did because someone who
supposedly loves you a lot wants to become
, they don't want to make them feel bad by
touching on topics where they
will change without further ado. How scary that not even if
you're with someone for 10 years you know that they would
betray you. It
's crazy, man. Or  I mean, what was the
point in treating me like that? I mean,
even if you don't like me, it doesn't matter. What
's the [ __ ] point? Just to win the
applause of the sick [ __ ]. There's no
other [ __ ] thing.
I was really amazed by the
constant disrespect. I was in shock,
really. It's exaggerated, huh?
Thanks, Vigo, I send you a beautiful one.
Thanks, Bxira. Uh,
brain-dead babies do have souls, literally, it
's not brain death, it's just that there's a
condition that isn't that common, but it
can occur in babies born without a
brain. And he says that brain-dead babies
do have souls, but dogs
don't because they don't have a conscience. Literally, it
was complete nonsense
and basically his theory was
completely dismantled. The good thing about a theory that
's really reliable is that in any
type of situation it's worth the same and
his clearly isn't. Uh, "Hey Dallas,"
says Sigmund. "Hey, Dallas, I've really
waited a long time with your  projects.
Empecta, no, I don't know how to direct it, I'd like to
talk to you for advice." Sure,
you can do it right here if you want.
Thanks Bruno, gorgeous, he says. Hi das
handsome, I just got on the live stream.
Summary, look at the beginning of the
live stream. It's the summary. I'm taking this opportunity to
tell you that it's interesting that you talked
about the Negreira case the other day. Yes, but I do
n't know anything about it. Bruno, I'm
sending you a big kiss, gorgeous, if you
want to explain it to me, okay? Thanks,
Tiikenda, gorgeous. He says, "The little I
saw was how to change his definition of
life from here to there.  Sometimes an
animal of life, sometimes not.  Between
cognitive sex and sperm being
part of my body.  Everyone doing
somersaults.  Every night I mutilate myself.  What an
exaggerated talk, huh?  I swear.
That's totally ridiculous dear.  It's
exaggerated.  He himself didn't know how to
define it.  Nothing.  It's just ridiculous,
I swear.  No, life.  The soul, I didn't
know how to define the soul.  This one,
thank you very much, gorgeous.  He says, "Oh, how
are you? I didn't see you."  He says, "I'm really looking forward to
the debate."  Damn, the guy just
repeats quotes from authors and thinkers,
but he's not even capable of giving
examples.
God.  Um,
eh, he shows that he doesn't understand anything, he
just repeats himself, and he also treats you like you're
stupid, but obviously with his calm voice
to seem respectful.  I don't think
anyone found this
guy respectful, really.  In other words, he has been
disrespectful from the very beginning, even
when he started saying things and
positioning them however he wanted.  I
mean, I found it hm embarrassing, eh, I
swear.  Pathetic.  Just from the very beginning, I
was already in shock from the beginning and it was
like, "What is this?"  I swear, in
shock, huh?  Thanks, Spartan Beans.  Um, I do
n't know what Eva de Berto is, eh, thanks,
Luxius, I
send you happy birthday
Ana Pena, gorgeous, I wish you a lot, he says,
"but, what did you expect?"
The official Bible is very precious to you.  I
send you a little kiss, my girl.  Thank you.  Draft
Chizi says, "Hey Dallas. I
honestly find it sad that you can't do
any podcast or event like this without
some [ __ ] like this happening afterward
."  It's just that with the
podcast, you know, I thought I was going to
have more problems, right?  Look, I
thought he was going to have more problems
because he hung out with some disgusting people.
I thought there was going to be trouble
there, but in the end the problem was with
this guy.  It's also that the podcaster
didn't speak, but well, obviously the
podcast sided with him.
Hm.
On some topics, on others not,
but because, well, you've already said it
, because really the whole
chat is against me.  So, what is this?
Where did I get myself into?  How ridiculous, huh?
Thank you, Diar Manuela, beautiful.  How
are you?  Are you the Manuela you were
many years ago or are you a
different Manuela?  I'm sending you a
beautiful kiss, eh.  Dao, thank you very much,
beautiful.  He says, "He said that the miracle
happened before he saw the disease and at the
same time he said that there could be a miracle
even after the diagnosis."  Therein lies the
literal contradiction.  That contradiction
was absolute.  The best thing is that he knew that
having that child was illogical and that's why he
said, "I respond according to my
religion."  That argument literally makes no
sense at all,
none at all, eh, none at all
.  I mean, I myself,
using my own logic, dismantled him and the
guy started to change the subject,
remember?  And then I said, "Don't
change the subject, I just took you down."
And the guy went around and around and
around and around.  Did you all see it?
Please tell me you saw it.
Because I literally took the guy
apart with his own logic, which is what
I like to do most in these types of
cases.  And the guy with a pair of balls
started saying other things and the worst thing is
that the other didn't understand it and I had to
repeat it to him and but how is he not
understanding.  It's just obvious.  In the end.
Uh, says Kenneth, "In the hypothetical, oh,
in the typical case that you are going to
analyze Rigoberto to find out about
Aristacus, a top atheist YouTuber,
Rigo runs away from him, that's why they attacked you."
No, I don't know who he is, honestly.  I don't know
who he is, honestly.  No, I have no
idea who he is, but come on, this guy
seems dangerous to me, huh?  What a
false gentleman he is.  Exaggerated, huh?  Exaggerated,
exaggerated.  Rigoberto, don't bother me
, okay?  You're a [ __ ] fake,
seriously, you're a [ __ ] fake.  You are one
of the most fake people I have ever seen
in my life.  You really do your thing,
logic not emotion.  You're a [ __ ]
liar, I swear.  And the reason why I get
angry, I already said it at the
beginning of the video, that you start
telling me privately that you love me and that you
are such a fan and that I don't know what and that I don't know
how many and then you start the debate with
disrespect when we had already
agreed on what we were going to say
regarding the change of subject and that on top of that I
did it for you because I felt bad about
offending you, which I just showed
in the conversations with the
podcast guy.  Come on, you're a scoundrel,
mate, a scoundrel.
Constant disrespect and on top of that your argument
was, "Sorry if I offended you. [ __ ]
off, dude. Seriously, you just don't
know shame. You're a fake.
You're a [ __ ] fake. Seriously, you're
two-faced. I hope you enjoy your
mentality of being applauded by all the
bad guys and all the sick people, but
this seemed like a
complete and utter lack of respect that you could have
saved yourself. We could have had
a calm debate, a debate without
disrespect, without uh, without
humiliation, without [ __ ]. You've been
talking 95% of the time, you haven't been
able to respond to practically
any of the things I've said to you and
using my [ __ ], then when I did
n't know, not a study, but an author
of I don't know what, you were like, "Oh my God,
go study, I don't know what, man, you're
a [ __ ] jerk, really." And
the only reason I didn't want to
talk about that subject was because I didn't want to
offend you  And that's what I told this
man, and I just showed it at the
beginning of the live stream. And if you don't
back off, it's the only reason I do
n't want to do it. And you take it, and
after he's already explained that
this topic should have been left
out, you take it and start representing it
so they start attacking me for
something that he even says because of you. You're a
fake. It's that simple. Two years of sucking my
balls for you to start
doing this [ __ ] to me now, man. It's that
really, you are unbearable, huh? Unbearable. I
swear, I only went to debate, you didn't
go to humiliate, that's what you went for. And it's
literally proven even by the
quality of the people who started commenting
in the chat. I mean, I don't know where you
got those people from, but they hate me to
crazy levels to say that you
prepared yourself when you didn't show a single
scientific paper, you just started
citing things that suited you from whoever you  It was
convenient. Not at
all. Uh, and you know the difference
between citing authors or citing
a specific person with respect to a
scientific paper, a published paper,
like for example the one I just showed
in Pubmed, okay? To give an
example, I cited a bunch of other
different papers. The difference is that
many people review it, it's not
a statement that Einstein once
said I don't know what. That's nonsense,
really. And I started putting each and
every one. I'm showing you again, uh, so you can
all see them. All the
quantities. It's that I didn't put a single citation
without a study, eh? Not a citation without a
study. Not a citation without a study. Not a
citation without a study. All, all,
all, all the things I put, citations
with studies, with graphs and
statistics, each and every one of them,
even the bit about when the fetus is
feeling, which is between 24 and
uh 28 weeks. And the studies that
suggest, which are at 12 weeks, that
nobody  He dares to say that from
conception, no one dares to say that,
eh, they have been openly criticized for
confusing reflex actions with
felt pain, which is the most important thing
in this whole matter. Anyway, I'm
really amazed by you, seriously. Hm,
what a horrendous way to
treat someone. What a harrowing
and false way of being, man. But false,
brutally false. But from the very
first moment, but then you went
too far. When did I ever disrespect you
, man? Honestly, and at one point
I was starting to get upset, but I said, I'm going to
calm down because I really start
saying personal things here and we'll
end up even worse. But seriously,
I found this disgusting,
disgusting, huh? I hope you enjoy
your little moment of applause from the sick
shits when it could have been a
calm, chill debate without any
disrespect, and you started disrespecting them from the very
first moment
. You'll see with  your life and your
Christian values, which supposedly include
not lying and not being
disrespectful to your neighbor. Well, you've done it
all, literally everything, lying for two
years and then being even more disrespectful here in
front of everyone to get
four rounds of applause from sick people.
Man, really, you're terrible, huh?
Terrible. I've never seen anyone
capable of keeping up the charade for
so long, huh? I'm amazed
by you, really. Incredible, incredible
what you do. Luna Black, "Become a socialist and
save the world." What? What do you
mean, Luna, huh, Xinmul says, "Hi,
what a beautiful girl, she just arrived."  Look
at the beginning directly." Look at the
beginning directly. Adri, welcome,
thank you very much. On vacation, do you want to
do a 24-hour show? I'm not complaining. Great,
gorgeous. Thank you very much. A ton.
Watch the beginning of the live show. You'll all
understand the beginning of the live show
. Slow down. Watch the first 5
minutes, you can see everything there. LG says,
"How are you, gorgeous?  Long time no
see." He says, "Hi, DAS, I have time
to watch the debate, but honestly,
Roberto, I'm not really interested, so I'll
watch it for you anyway.  I would have liked to see
you debate more with the guy from the podcast about
any topic and spend the sick
better." Thanks, gorgeous.
Lots here. How have you been? Gorgeous. I
love you so much, beautiful. Bxira says, "Nobody
understood your point about the dog and the
concephaly baby." Rigoberto
contradicted himself with the point about
consciousness, ideal. Because according to him, the
dog has consciousness, a soul. And what
would apply to children with
severe autism? They also have a soul or not.
Exactly and that's another point I
thought about, but as the guy was talking,
talking, talking,
questions kept coming to me and how on top of that, the times I
tried to interrupt him, when he'd been
talking for like 4 or 5 minutes straight,
when I tried to interrupt the guy
would say, "No, let me finish, man." How do you
finish? You were
90% talking. They'll
still say that I didn't let them talk, huh? They'll still
say that I didn't let them talk or that
I interrupted. Come on, this is eh
ridiculous,  I swear, ridiculous,
ridiculous.
And anyway, a kiss, thanks for
understanding, eh, Rustun, gorgeous, how
are you? Well, he's a guy. He says, "I
felt like I was in a [ __ ] exhibition, just reading
text to pass the test." The worst thing is he
says, "No, it's just that I'm
in a formal debate or something." But do you
know why he says that? No, that's the
argument of the shitty,
mentally ill haters who spend all
day saying, "Dallas doesn't know how to
debate.
Eat my balls with both hands, clown.
Eat my balls with both hands, mate.
A debate can be both
moderated and unmoderated, with
or without a presentation.  There are
many different styles of debate and
that [ __ ] is being said because
all the sick [ __ ] is saying it
saying that I don't do debates and their
[ __ ] mother.  really.  And that
couldn't have been really
productive either, because in a
productive debate people let the
other person talk, and he didn't let me talk. Not only
did he let me talk, but he also didn't answer
my questions, which forced me to
ask him again and he still did
n't answer them.  And that's why you can't
move forward in a debate properly
when the other person isn't
answering your
questions.  And on top of that,
one of the times I summarized what he
had said, he started saying, that sometimes God performs
miracles and sometimes he doesn't.  And he says, "I'm not going
to fall for your fallacies."  Or something like that,
he said, "I don't remember very well how it was."
And it's like, "I'm just summarizing what
you're saying. You just don't
want to do it because you know when
you answer that, I'm going to catch you."
Basically,
that's why he never wanted to answer things in my questions, because I take people apart by asking them questions and I managed to take him apart despite saying a lot of nonsense up and down and changing the subject all the time, but I managed to take him apart on
several points, but he never wanted to
answer my questions
directly, like defining what essence is,
like defining I don't know what, because the
moment you define yourself, that's when I
catch you, basically.  And that's why he didn't want to
define himself, that's why he never wanted to define himself
and he always invented another one and another and
another one.  And your theories, which make no
sense, which have no reason to exist,
end up falling apart.  And that's what
I do constantly.  The
difference here is that, oh really,
I was at a point where I
was like, "Say whatever you want."
And he talked for minutes and minutes and
minutes.  And I was like, "Come on, keep letting it
go."  And in the end I
ended up catching you anyway.
Really, but impossible to beat like that,
huh?  Seriously, impossible to beat like that.
Then they say that I don't let people talk, when I
literally dedicate myself to asking
questions, that's my way of
debating.  Please, ridiculous.  I
swear.  What a bunch of people, huh?  But what a bunch of
[ __ ] people.  Um, anyway, kisses.  Oh, and
well, the really wonderful point was
when he said, "I'm here to
debate, not to teach a class."  And
why do we do it live then?  I
mean, you're going to debate live and
say things that obviously 99% of
the Christians watching this
live won't understand, really?
None of them will understand it because
most Christians haven't read
the Bible in their day, literally haven't
read it.  And I say from beginning to end, they haven't
read it.  They haven't read it.  I have read
the Bible more than they have.  And they haven't
read it.  Most of them haven't
read it.  Most people who
consider themselves Christians have not read their
own book of faith.  How
disrespectful, man.  And they're still going to tell me
that I didn't inform myself.  Shut your mouth,
for real.  What a bunch of people, I swear, huh?
What people, what people, huh?
What people?  Um,
thanks.  Carolina Hypes says, "We
Costa Ricans
don't claim him; he doesn't represent us.
Thank you, Carolina. I didn't
even know he was from Costa Rica. That
's the level of knowledge I had of him. I didn't
even know he was from Costa Rica. Thank you,
Yasin, very handsome."  Das says, "Gorgeous,
how are you? What's happening today? What
happened? Watch the beginning of the
video. Watch the beginning of the live stream.
Slow down a bit. Watch the first 5
minutes. You'll understand everything there. Jabolo,
thank you very much. I send you a big kiss
. Um, Dallas, your rival, used
fallacies and ended however he wanted. Literally, it
was one fallacy after another the whole
time. And also, the questions he was asking
didn't make sense. They literally didn't make
sense. I mean, he was
asking me a question that said, "How do you
ask that question?" I'm trying to
understand the logic of the question he
was asking, but they were questions that you don't ask
if you know the scientific method, because I
really didn't know it. I mean, he was
talking nonsense the whole time.
Literally the whole time. It
was nonsense the whole time. No, it didn't make any
sense.
Let's see what else you told me, Jabolo. I
recommend reading Dawkins's The God Delusion
. It turns out the subjects
Rigoberto's arguments about the existence of
God. I don't need to;
the truth is, we're not going to change
anyone's mind. Let them believe whatever they want
. No, we're not going to
change them. What does it matter? There comes a
time when it doesn't make any sense to
talk about any of that. Why? What
's the point? I really couldn't care
less, I really do, I swear.
The great Costa Rican, thank you very much. He
says,
"A philosophy professor analyzed your
debates and explains how you comply with the
Decalogue of the Good Arguer."
Seriously, I find it strange that someone
said that about me,
because they literally spend the whole time
saying that I don't know how to debate and blah
blah blah blah, but come on, I mean, they
're all crazy, I swear
, really crazy.  Um,
thanks Partan Beins.  Rigoberto too.
Eva de Berto.
Ah, Eva de Berto.  Now I understand why he
avoids it.  I got it now.  Thank you, Maris
Lacis.  You were very good, you
even put the links and the guy didn't put anything
and to say something simple and everyone then
saying that they understood everything he said
perfectly.  They're liars, man.
The moment the guy started
saying, "Chat, are you getting this?"
Yes, yes, yes, we understand everything.  The guy who
said out of 10 words, nine were
occult and understood everything and the other few were
things that had nothing to do with it.  I
understand everything, I understand everything.
Please shut your mouth.  For God's sake, seriously,
people, shitty people, huh?  I mean, it's
really exaggerated, they're
complete liars, they don't even believe it
themselves.  Ridiculous.
Marislacis, gorgeous.  I followed many
huge.  Um, apart from saying that
animals don't have a conscience, literally,
I mean, how can you have the nerve to
say that animals don't have a
conscience?  Animals really
behave exactly like a
small child, exactly the same, they feel, act,
move in the same way as a
small child because they have the same level of
intelligence in general as animals,
like a dog, a cat, things
like that.  So what are you telling me
about animals not having
consciousness?  Of course they have it.  A child does
n't have it because he has the same level
of intelligence as a dog, because a
child can't communicate either, a child
can't, if he's small, I mean, a
child can't write either, a child can't
make art either, a child
can't do any of that.  He's literally
a baby who can't do anything with his
life and that's why he doesn't have a soul, according to him,
right?  Because he is a human
and a human yes.  Ah, really,
this guy is ridiculous.  Juicha,
thank you very much.  What easy and two-
faced people, disgusting, but oh well, as always,
you're handsome.  Thanks, Juchan.  Hey, no good
Yubi, sorry, it's not worth the headaches
for that kind of people.  By the way, I just came
back from Vietnam for a walk
.  Why Vietnam?  Hey, Adriana
Macas, thank you very much.  Hello, I'm New
Dallas.  I want you to know that this
arrogant, rude man is a
two-faced Christian and is a real pain in the ass because
of him.  Literally, how do you pretend to be a
Christian and have good values and what
you do is lie to me for 2 years
telling me that you are a fan of mine and then you set me
up and start
[ __ ] me in the middle of a live show?
I'm freaking out, huh?  I'm freaking out.  Camistar,
thank you very much.  He says, "That guy tried to
get the 2 + do down, right?"  And there
were and there were super bad chats towards
your fans and I tell you that he is not a good
person.  Something happened to him in 2018 and
I have proof.  What happened to him in 2018
?  I had no idea what happened
in 2018. Tell me.  It's not that I don't know anything
about him, really.  All I knew was
that I was a fan.  Nothing else.  But I
repeat, you saw it at the
beginning of the live stream.  He would say to
me, "I literally love you,
" he would say to me.  What a
fake guy.  I swear.  Disgusting,
disgusting.  Eh, I've been here for many years, but in
invisible mode.  Ah, well, she's not the
Manuela I knew.  Manuela.  Mara
Botero, thank you very much.  Mara
Botero says, "I couldn't watch the live stream, I couldn't
stand this guy. How awful, I
swear. Unbearable. Hey, visitor Mara
Botero. Hey, I was about to close several times
, but I'm trying to make a
point, but there was no way to make
a point. Hey, these seem like fair debates,
but the moderator, so to speak, doesn't
try. It's frustrating to see so many people being
lothified and disrespectful if you don't
think like them. That's another thing.
Why did we have a moderator if he wasn't
moderating anything? I mean, at no point did I
say to him, "Okay, let the other guy speak." He
literally spoke 90-95% of the time.
I would like you to actually
estimate how long he was
speaking. Even if it's just a portion of the
live stream, it would be good to get an
estimate. How long did he
speak? Because I think he'll be there for at
least 90% of the time. Hey, how
beautiful. Hello, handsome. Insults and
fancy words aren't
arguments. It was noticeable.  It was very clear that he was
reading a good script, as clear as
the guy literally standing like this with his
cap on, and when you could see his
eyes, the guy was literally like this
, looking from one side to the other, reading
very clearly, very
clearly reading. And you can see how
attacked he got when I said,
"How long have you been reading the
debate?" And ideally I asked him,
"How long have you been reading the debate?"
It's a question as simple as saying,
"Well, 20%, 30%, 40%, I don't know, an
approximation, tell me, you know?"  an approximation,
tell me how long you have been reading the
debate.  And the guy started not
responding and on top of that the moderator
was saying, "But what does that have to do
with anything?"  What does that have to do with
anything?  Man, that's a question.  Answer it,
answer it, damn it.  How difficult it is to
answer an approximate percentage.
How long have you been reading?  And my
point is, why are we having a
debate if what you're going to do is start
reading?
Don't read.  You have to have the logic
already done.  It's okay to take notes,
but don't read.  Don't bother me, I don't read you.
Allowing young women or
teenagers to have abortions allows them to
improve their educational and
economic levels, which is not only good
for them as individuals, but for the
country and the quality of life for everyone.  You don't have to
read.  I can tell you
roughly what it says here and I can
show you this, I can debate you on
this, but don't start reading anything to me,
buddy.  Honestly, I find
this unbearable, huh?  And the guy didn't
respond, huh?  He didn't respond, the guy didn't
respond.
Um, it was very clear that he was reading
a script with very little character, he just
made noise.  I love you and you are beautiful.  I
love you so much, my precious girl, truly.
Thank you so much for that amazing piece of tip
.  I love you so much, my beautiful girl.
Thank you very much, beautiful girl.  I love you
very much.  Yasin says, "I see. Tell my
piece to Judaberto, who's
a more treacherous Judas than possible. He's
disgusting. Another aist who weighs. He
's disgusting, huh? How easy it
would have been to have a chill debate without
any disrespect, man. How easy it
would have been, man. It's real. And
on top of that, he's a [ __ ] fake, he
starts spreading [ __ ] on the live stream,
catching me with my defenses down
because I didn't think I was going to get into
that, and suddenly the people in the chat start
saying, "Dallas, crybaby, das, crybaby."
Crybaby about what, man. He's a [ __ ]
disrespectful person.
Those of you who support him are supposed to be Christians. You're supposed to
be Christians, and you're
disrespecting your own faith, you
disrespectful bastards.
What? Who the [ __ ] do you think you are?
Hypocritical garbage.
Hypocritical garbage, you are. I
swear. What a bunch of [ __ ].  That's
Christian respect. It's the
Christian respect I have to put up with.
Shitty scum, dude. But
shitty scum, huh? Comments
insulting me, calling me everything.
What the [ __ ] is this, I'm freaking out, huh? I'm
freaking out. And that's what the
good guys are supposed to be. The good guys. Don't miss it.
The good guys. Ridiculous, huh? Ridiculous,
ridiculous.
Um, literally. Yasin, Jakuy,
thank you very much, says Jakuyin, I loved his
argument. It was that you explain all
the neuroscience and where
thoughts come from, which was unknown until
today. That's another one too, Hakuyin. I
mean, how am I going to answer you about something
that, to begin with, I'm not a neurologist, let's
start from there, I don't know to what extent
the chemical processes that
may exist are known and if it is known. I don't know
the memory components that exist in the
human brain. I don't know. It's that
simple. I don't know. I'm not dedicated to that.
At some point I could have  I've seen it, I
could have read it, whatever, but it's not
a thought that forms here in my
head, the thoughts, the
oxytocin, the adrenaline that runs through
the neural connections, blah. It's not
something I know by heart. If you
want, I can look it up for you and I can
tell you exactly how it works, or if it's
for a video, I can do it, but here
live right now, well, no. But it
gets, I mean, what's this argument of
telling me, explain to me what the
chemical process of I don't know what is, man? What the [ __ ] do I
know, dude? I know it happens in the brain,
I know what the bases are, and then he
tells him that and he says, "Ah, you didn't
come prepared." You're stupid,
really. Disgusting, huh? But disgusting.
All the time looking to humiliate, all the
time. Gerland says, "I got, I got
really nervous watching the debate.  I
swear, I didn't like at all how
Rigoberto treated you and how he went off on
tangents.  I don't know how you had so little
patience, seriously.  Literally, the
sick will say that you don't know how to debate
when you are the only one who made themselves
understood.  Literally, I swear,
he's not the only one who made himself understood.  The
only one who provides
scientific evidence for what he's saying,
colleague.  Literally, you go to
any of the links I'm
putting here and it's a publication,
some paper of some kind, literally.  And
here's another one.  This one, what is he
talking about?  This paper, published in the
Journal of Medicals, reconsiders
fetal pain and concludes that since the
cortex becomes functional and
neural pathways develop after
24 weeks, fetal pain is ruled out
until the third trimester.  The authors
argue that previous reports suggest
that earlier pain confounds the
reflex response with
perceived pain.  This is exactly the same
criticism of those who say that it is generated
in 12 weeks, which is also not true.  I
mean, I'll give you scientific evidence for
everything, right?  Reviewed by a random person on
a quote about St.
Thomas Aquinas who was a
medieval monk.  Enough of this nonsense,
please.  I mean, I'm freaking out
that you're suggesting a
damn medieval monk as a date.  In the end.  And I
'm literally giving you real reviews
of scientific papers published and
reviewed by multiple sources from
multidisciplinary teams that are going to
lead you to a conclusion, and all you
do is quote me nonsense and tell me,
"Oh, you haven't thought about it."  But you
are stupid.  That?  TRUE?  The
guy is disgusting, huh?  But repulsive all the time
trying to humiliate all the time.
Disgusting, disgusting,
I swear.  Disgusting.  Regina,
thank you very much.  I send you beautiful.  The
great Monsai, thank you very much.  No, no, no.
I mean, this guy, come on,
get rid of him, ridiculous.  I swear,
get him out of the way.  Disgusting,
but repulsive, huh?  Repulsive,
repulsive.  Um, where was I?
Not much, thank you very much.  You should do what
you said a few years ago about reading
the Bible live.  I said it, that,
I don't remember.  Erika Bonilla,
thank you very much.  He says, "Hey, you're doing great in
definition, man. Hey, ah, I've gone
too far."  Hm.  He says, "By definition,
that Rigoberto is
literally a lying, fake cockatoo. I hope he
never needs to be recharged by
rescue dogs in an
emergency."
Literally,
good example.  Too bad I didn't put it.
You're absolutely right, aren't
you?  No no.  He will still say, "That's
instinctive because they are learning."
But humans also act for the
same reason.  Humans act on
instinct and learning, just like
dogs, right?  No. No. Yes. When a
rescue dog comes, for
example, one of those who rescues people
trapped under ruins when
a building collapses or something like that, and the
dogs search for the people who are
surviving inside using their
sense of smell and hearing, then they shouldn't look
for him, okay?  Don't look for him, don't
look for him because, come on, they don't have souls and
no, don't let the dogs come
around.
Disgusting, huh?  Disgusting.
Toramitsu, I don't believe your thread, but I'm
from Rixi's official contest.  Yes, I
remember when to mention me.  What do you think
of him?  I thought it was wonderful, a great
initiative.  Toramitsu is holding
a writing contest in Rixi.  If you
want to check her out on her social media, she's
also running a contest on
Rixi.  You can find out what he's
doing, well, not doing, he's
giving away 10 out of his own pocket as a prize
.  I'm not at all into
the best stories you can tell as you
wish.  So download Rixy and
check out the Toramitsu contest there.
Beautiful band, huh?  The pain says, "I don't
want to hear anyone say that you were
disrespectful with lightning bolts in your
eyes."  Literal, huh?  I mean, on top of that, they
started saying that I was being
disrespectful by putting the lightning bolts in my
eyes after they were
in the chat the whole time.  The whole chat
was D to be ex Terminator, d serminator.
Making fun of them and I start making fun of
them by putting on the Terminator and they
start saying mature, I don't know what, I don't know
how many.  These people, really.  Hm.  It doesn't
matter what you tell them, it doesn't matter.
It's irrelevant.  They're always going to find
a way to piss you off.  They are
disgusting.  What a bunch of people.  Those are the
Christians, huh?  They are the Christians who are
supposed to be so respectful and who
profess their faith saying that they are so
respectful and I don't know what.  There you have them
insulting me full force.  Insulting me like
crazy, huh?  And Rigoberto himself, a piece
of fake [ __ ],
constantly disrespecting me on live television.  Disgusting.
And then his apology was, "Sorry if I
offended you. [ __ ] off, dude! It
's your responsibility for offending me and you
know perfectly well that you did, for
God's sake. And by the way, very by
the way, about the
gorgeous Caramar. He says, "In 2018, he was
making fun of you and I have screenshots of a
message." Oh, oh, oh, oh. Let's see, let's see.
Screenshots of a message from him commenting behind
your back on all your controversies in a
bad way and threatening a fan of yours. What?
Are you on Discord? Can you send
that to me on Discord, please? Send it
on Discord, okay? Or send it to Deica,
who's offline right now,
but
send it. That seems really strong to me, okay?
What a shitty character, okay? What a
shitty character.
Thanks, Jabolo. Um, thanks, Ricardo
Macas, I really appreciate it. Uh,
there's an experiment to demonstrate
self-awareness in  Animals with a mirror
and a mark on their forehead. Now that you
mention it, it's true. But of course, we
weren't originally talking about this either
, I didn't go
looking for it, but it does ring a bell now that you
mention it. Josuet Rollins, thank you very much
. About the philosophy teacher, it
's true. Thank you very much. Yes, I just looked it up
, I just looked it up, but that was
years ago, eh, when the
hate wasn't so strong. Now the trend
is to say that I'm really bad, really bad at
everything. Shitty scum, eh, I swear.
Regina, thank you very much, says Regina.
That guy made me really lazy. He wanted to be
intelligent and he looked ridiculous. He was
super passive, aggressive. No, no, he was
just aggressive. Just aggressive, eh? He was
aggressive, just aggressive, but
disgusting, really disgusting. A
[ __ ] fake, eh? A [ __ ] fake.
Look at the beginning of the live stream,
really. Look at the beginning of the live stream, I
swear. And Guillermo Sol, thank you very much.
Even if there was an argument or  fact that
you didn't know, that
ignorance is supposed to confirm God's proof
. XD. Haters need some
brains, I swear. Santiago, thank you very much
. I'm not your fan, but Rigoberto did
n't have good intentions. I've been
waiting for this for a long time. Your video is
unfounded given his trauma from your video.
Literally, literally. Thank you, Santiago,
even though you're not a fan. Thank you for
taking the time to post the super chat and
thank you for having a brain. The truth is
that no sane person
can fail to see this for what it is. The people
who are dedicated to defending this guy are
good because they defend anything that has to
do with defending the existence
of God. But the truth is, even if you are a
believer, you have to see perfectly well
how this [ __ ] that he has done and said
is not a good debate at all. I
mean, it has been a constant lack of
respect and ridiculousness to never answer my
questions and to never reach
any conclusions about anything. It's that both
the debate part and the
lack of respect part is pathetic.
Repsi says, "It  People come saying that
you lost, literally, that you're really angry,
literally." And that's why you go straight,
literally. It's that whatever I do, it's going to be the
same. It's going to be the same. Whatever I
do. Literally, I always let
people talk in the debates, I always
let them talk and they spend their time saying that
I don't let them talk, that they only
make me shout, that I only start
insulting, that I don't know what, that I don't know
how many. And it's like I
literally talk 90% of the time, it doesn't matter, they're
going to say, "Nothing is prepared, it doesn't matter what you do, it doesn't
matter what
you say, they're always going to start
criticizing you with a lot of
[ __ ] against you.  It's irrelevant what you
do, what you say, what you answer, what you
don't answer.  This
piece of [ __ ] is always going to be
against you.  It doesn't matter what you say, it's
irrelevant.  Mara Melec,
thank you very much.  He says, "I've only been in
the debate for 25 minutes and I didn't understand a thing. If he knows he's
going to have a debate, he might as well do
what he says more or less. He's already started with
a passive-aggressive speech, right? No,
totally aggressive, right? Totally
aggressive. I mean, there are several
disrespectful remarks that made me suddenly
panic when I said to him, "What are you
saying?"  Explain to me what you're
saying and say, "Get to studying."
What do you mean you're making me study?  You yourself
don't know what you're talking about, clown.
I swear.  They're vulgar, eh, but they're scum,
disgusting, I swear.
Thank you, Maria, gorgeous.  Yus says,
"I want to ask you, you say that the life
of an unwanted baby tends to be
pretty bad, which is true, but
what would prevent you from overcoming those
problems? We come out of it just like many
people have overcome illnesses like
depression. Hugs, king."  Let's see,
Jus.  The point here, the relevant point
of what I'm trying to say is
that having an unwanted child is not good
for the mother, the father, or
the child.  Having an unplanned,
unwanted child is not
good for anyone, it's bad for
everyone.  So, my point is, even if
you see having an abortion as more or less bad
depending on how many weeks
pregnant the BBC is,
well, fetus, because it's a zygote or a
fetus, okay?  Depending on the state
you are in, the lesser evil will always
be abortion.  It's that simple.  That will be
the lesser evil.  And the worst evils come
from the stigmatization of
society, the stigmatization of the
issue of abortion, how bad it is viewed, and
how much women
who decide to have an abortion are criticized.  And that is what causes the most
mental damage to women,
because physical damage, psychological damage does not
exist.  In fact, I'm going to tell you
something else.   There are
only 0.7
deaths per 100,000 abortions,
but there are, depending on the country,
between 14 and 24 deaths per pregnancy,
that is, from giving birth, I
mean.  So, we are talking about
a risk that is
at least 25 times greater.  At least 25 times
greater.  So, not only does an abortion not
cause physical harm, but
having the child is more dangerous. In addition to the
diseases that come with the damage to
your body, it also has a higher mortality rate for
women who are mothers. If you want to
take those risks, good for you,
wonderful, but do it in a
planned way, don't force yourself into the belief that either you have
the child or I'll put you in jail.  That
's no way to live.  You can't
force a woman to allow herself to have
not only nine months of pregnancy, but also
25 years of raising a child.  No,
man.  It literally destroys your life,
destroys it from all sides, doesn't it?   It's
that simple.  Yus, you're already here,
but the truth is that hm eh if you
weren't here, the reality is that
no one would be missing you because you would
never have existed at any
point.  So, you're here by
chance and you say, "Ah, but if
I had gotten fed up I wouldn't have been
here."  Yes, but we also have to remember
that it's the mother who decides when to
have a child; she can't be forced to
have one.  That's bad for
everyone and, as you say, it creates traumas that
many people don't overcome, and many
people, even as adults, not just
depression, but traumas that you have in your
head that you can't overcome because you
had a shitty childhood with
abusive parents who abused you
precisely because they didn't want you.
Then they vent all their frustration on
you and mistreat you,
psychologically or even physically, for
that same reason. Many times, there are also
desired children who are killed
as well, but it
's more likely the other thing is.  It
's just ridiculous.
Kennetz Montero, thank you very much.  Um,
okay.  And where?  What is
your Twitter?  The Great Bonsai, thank you very much.   He
says, "Honestly, I don't think all the
haters in the chat were Christians.
Christians. I am one myself, I've been following you
for quite some time. In general,
J chat is like that and with you even more so
since you have more haters than
average. Well, what a bunch of [ __ ], I
swear. The only one, I went to join in.
Thanks, Gran Bonsai, I
really appreciate it.
Thanks, Maito Studios. Yes, yes, I
swear, it's just ridiculous. SJA,
thank you very much. Hey, can you read my messages
on X? Oh, it's an invitation from me
and also some comment regarding the
guy. Comment about what,
uh, a big kiss, yeah, thank you very much
.
Let's see, I'll look at it now.
Thanks, Sigmund, I really appreciate it.
Um, I don't know what you mean. Comment me
what. Thanks, Anica and her things,
gorgeous. Let's see, let's see. The thing is that
this guy was traumatized by your life of the fact that
God doesn't exist and  He's waited years for
this moment with you. A total crazy hater
. But it's also that you couldn't
talk to him, it was literally
impossible. Hey, says Ricardo Macas,
"You answered well for being the first
Thomist." What is a Thomist? What do you
find? I spend my time debating with
them on TikTok and their arguments are
always the same. I swear they are. I
swear they are. I swear they are. Let's
see, what did you tell me? Sabitar. Let's
see, he says,
"We were watching the debate, eh, among
them a well-known Rigoberto.  He is not
very interested in his own topics that he
talks about.  I know people from
philosophical and esoteric backgrounds who give it a
second thought, but you've really made them look
bad despite not having any knowledge
of its concepts and technicalities.  You are
fantastic.  Hopefully for what I said before.  The
guy just used a lot of concepts that he
couldn't even defend, couldn't sustain his
soul, or set an example in that regard.  He is
a religious dogmatist who would have liked to have
studied metaphysical studies to
support, but in reality he believes that his
arguments for believing in God, he does not believe in
God for those arguments is very bizarre.
Yes, we did understand the
concepts he was referring to.  The
guy has nothing to do with what he was talking about.  Ah, I
see.  Um,
I see,
I see.  Well, thank you.  Um,
then they'll be like IP3 with her
little mole P3, miraculously she came out alive from
her C-section.  Greetings from Tequas.  Literally,
that's another one.  The truth is that there are many
more chances of dying from giving birth
than from boarding.  Many more,
but many, many more.  At least 25
times more likely.  It's true.  And
the original point, which is
the most relevant of all, is that you
can't say
that there is no risk of getting
pregnant, because there is.  The
reality is that there is.  To
give you an idea, even the
condom, which is by far the
most widely used contraceptive method,
the condom, the truth is that when used
perfectly, that is, if you use it
perfectly, you put it in, you pinch it
at the beginning, you pull it down slowly, at
no point do you realize that it's not
going to go inside the vagina, etc.,
etc.,
eh, it has a 2% chance of
failing, of breaking, of staying
inside, which is what most often
happens.  And a lot of things, but the
usual is 13% failure rate.  But not
only that, the contraceptive pill
has an e 0.5.  I'll put it to you.
Where is?  Here.  All of this is
supported by studies that I put
here for you.  Look, eh,
the contraceptive pill.  which is this one
here, has a 0.3% chance
of failing in perfect use.  The
perfect way to understand this is to
take it every day, at the
exact same time.  There are no problems with
a medication that interacts
negatively with that.  There's no
problem at all if, I don't
know, you suddenly forget one day, accidentally, or you're
a few hours late, or something
like that.  But in typical use, okay?
Typical usage of this includes anyone
who suddenly says, oh, I forgot to
take it yesterday, I'll take it today.  Oh, hm,
was it that I took it a while ago and I didn't
take it or oh God, I just realized that
I actually skipped a day which is
typical.  And all of you women who have
taken birth control pills
know that it has happened to you at some point
because it happens, it's a normal human error
, you're not a robot, suddenly you
fall asleep, you say, "Oh, I fell
asleep, I didn't take it."  It happens,
it happens, it happens.  Typical usage is a
7% failure rate.
7%.   That
is, 7% is the typical failure usage.
What does this mean?  That this 7% is a
probability that you might get
pregnant, that you might have an unwanted pregnancy
.   It
literally happens.  It is something that can
happen to you as a woman, that you
suddenly want to get pregnant without
wanting to.  It can happen to you, but even
if you're absolutely perfect, there's a
0.3% chance, which isn't that
small, huh?  It's not so little.  0.3 is not
unheard of.   It
can happen even if you do it
perfectly.  Even
perfectly.  So my point is, what are you going
to do?  Even people who
are on birth control, you're
going to force them to change their entire life
to have an unwanted child.   You
don't screw up two lives, you screw up the life of the
person who is already alive and you screw up the life
of the future person who will be alive.  It's just
ridiculous.  It's just ridiculous.  And this is
so.  Not only do you get screwed by all the
complications of getting pregnant
that can even give you heart attacks,
literally, heart attacks.  Em.
gestational diabetes, which can also
lead to a higher chance of developing diabetes
in the near future.  Um, deaths
directly during pregnancy.  Yes,
it's true that 84% are preventable,
but, and this is critical for all
women, women usually hate
going to the doctor, they hate it with all their souls
and they say, "No, I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm
getting better, I'm getting better, I see you, I
know you, literally, I know what
many of you are like, literally, you never
want to go to the doctor, right? I know you. You
never want to go to the doctor.
Literally. So, many are
preventable and others weren't. But be careful
, 700 women a year is a lot. It's
a lot. In the United States, which is an
ultra-developed country and even more so in
medical matters,
700 women die every year.
Please, it's not like we're saying
anything. Come on.
Um, let's
see, uh, I'll keep reading.
Thank you, Darly Mouse. Thank you Ricardo
Macas. The Tomitas are the religious people
who believe they can prove
God's ex based on the philosophy of Thomas
Aquinas. What Thomas of  Aquino, that guy
is a joke. That Thomas Aquinas thing is
odd.
Pure fallacy, one after another. Yas,
gorgeous. I'm so sorry about what happened to you.
Never be too cautious. The
consolation he took from you. Here he is with your
own followers. Like you said,
fame is very bad. He just wanted to use you as
fodder to elevate his status. He
never wanted to debate. Literally, literally.
Because if he had any
intention of debating, he would have answered
the questions and wouldn't have been
interrupting the whole time for his
[ __ ], talking 95% of the time. It
was a monologue. It was a monologue,
literally. It was what it was. And the questions
that the guy who asked me
the same question three times asked me, the one about, why
is it something and why is it nothing?
Dude, ask the question better, you know?
Ask the question better and don't try to sound
profound here. Oh, why do I come out and it
's nothing?
Ask the question better, in a more
understandable way, dude. It's  It's that
simple. It's that simple. Ask
the understandable question
and he starts asking it three times in parallel with the one I've
already answered three times.
Pathetic, really. Pathetic, pathetic.
Toms Lara, thank you very much. I send you a
huge kiss, handsome. Jus, thank you very much. I
send you a huge kiss. Um, but don't you
think that then you're letting yourself be
carried away by what may seem like
childbirth. The other option is 100% death.
What? I don't understand, Yus, what do you
mean? I don't understand what you mean.
Um,
yes, literally. Cata says, "Rigo doesn't
care about the life of the woman or the child
when it's born, because he's not going to take
care of it either.  when you said that
pregnancy brings many
psychological, physical and mental consequences.  And
he told you an emotional argument, not a logical one.  What does it
say?  Exactly, exactly,
exactly.  No, it's not disgustingly
sexist, is it?  Everything he said is
disgustingly sexist.  Disgustingly
sexist.  Exaggerated, but exaggerated,
eh?  And you know that I'm not one to accuse
someone of being sexist, far from it.
I'm totally against people who
accuse people of sexism for just
anything.  But the ideal is, you're
never going to experience pregnancy and you're
incapable of empathy for
women who are going to have an
unwanted pregnancy.  Clown, but a
clown.  Camistar says, "You know what's worse,
Dallas? Poor Javi wasn't saved. I
literally posted X messages from people
calling Javi a dog on the live stream to his
face. He wasn't even there. He
wasn't even there. He
wasn't even there.
I've talked to see if I want to upload, but they were
n't reading my messages, so I guess he wo
n't be available.
Um, Maris is gorgeous. In fact, when
you go to plan, the doctors
warn you that it's not 100% sure that it
can happen. Disgusting that she said
that even in a rape you have to
keep the baby. Disgusting, huh? Lack of
empathy. I want to know if she would
say the same
to me, or maybe to someone close to her in
that situation. No, you know what
I forgot to ask her.
The question just occurred to me, but it was just
impossible to think with this guy.
Honestly, I forgot to ask her this. If
your girlfriend were raped, would you force
your girlfriend to have the child?
That's the one I forgot to ask her.
That one. Too bad he doesn't ask it.
Too bad it's not even a question. He
was unbearable, right? I swear. He
was unbearable. Plus, he talked a lot of
nonsense,
nonsense meant to sound grandiloquent
with his bombastic words and
constant erudite language. But trying to
extract any value from what he said was
incredibly difficult. It was
pure bombastic [ __ ], pure nonsense
one after another. Mm. Disgusting,
right? Disgusting, I swear. Uh, but it
was necessary to ask him if his
girlfriend were raped if he would force his
girlfriend to have the child. That would have been
important, really. That would have been
very important. And what a shame I didn't
get around to asking him.
Yuki, gorgeous, I take care of myself, I take
my pills, I try not to miss a single
day, although it happens if after taking care of myself
I still get pregnant, sorry, but I
100% miscarry. I'm not going to put myself in
danger for something I don't want and
ruin my body.  In the process.
Literally, I'm going to read you, I'm
going to read you. First of all,
gestational diseases, of which there are an
awful lot. Hypertensive disorders,
including preeclampsia. The
prevalence has increased substantially, from
528.9
per 10,000 births in 1923, almost double that of
2014 in the United States. They affect 5% of
women and are linked to
subsequent vascular risks, that is, a
heart attack. Preeclampsia can cause
seizures, kidney damage, and
maternal mortality.
Here are the studies if you want to see them
. Gestational diabetes, a greater likelihood of
having type 2 diabetes later on and higher
mortality or reduced quality of
life. The thing about women who die in the United
States is physical and mental.
After pregnancy and breastfeeding, the
breasts lose volume. This is something that
happens 100%. They become flaccid and
asymmetrical in many women due to
the expansion and contraction of
tissues. Studies show that this
affects body image in women.
Reporting persistent dissatisfaction,
which occurs in almost 100% of cases. It happens
, it happens. Permanent weight gain can also occur for
psychological reasons, but it happens; they don't feel like
taking care of themselves. Vagina enlargement or
needing surgery to expand it. It
also occurs during childbirth.
Urinary incontinence problems, which
are permanent in some cases, also due to having become
pregnant. Predisposition to
tooth loss. Seriously, it can cause
permanent hair loss, which can be caused by vomiting or a deficient immune system. Some
go half bald or with a small amount of
hair with patches. Skin diseases
or permanent spots, varicose veins, which
occur almost always, which are
basically the ultra-blue veins that
appear mainly on the legs, but
all over the body. Detachment of the
abdominal muscles, very common.
Permanent widening of the hips. The trunk shape, the
typical one you see on some women who
are literally a totally
straight trunk. This also occurs after
pregnancy. Stretch marks, which 90% of
women get  You're left with stretch marks, some
worse than others, and possibly necessary. And
this is something that happens almost 90% of
the time. And you can't
cure this. There's no way to avoid it
or cure it because they're scars on
the skin. Scars on the skin from
stretching too much, and you're stuck with this for
the rest of your life. Only 10%
of women are lucky enough not to
have this. 10%. Um, fluctuations in
estrogen, progesterone, and oxytocin
cause temporary immunosuppression,
increasing infections and
mental problems like anxiety or
postpartum depression in 10%, 10 or 20% of
women. Also, excessive
hair growth, hair loss, and
sexual disorders. Here's the study if you
want to read it, so you can see I'm not
making anything up. Couples
with children suffer their marriage due to
reduced intimacy and conflict.
Children in divorce face
emotional, academic, and health problems. Here's
another study that you
can read if you want, which is
Totally real. Divorce causes
problems in children, such as
affection problems. Look at the separation, which will
develop adult tendencies to
enter into toxic relationships due to their
loneliness. Here's another one
too. Couples' satisfaction
is 67% on average. That's what they report
after having a child. They report 67%
less satisfaction with their partners in
general terms, eh, not only in terms of the number of times they screw
up, but in general, in terms of
loving each other less and having less interaction
as a couple. And if not in unwanted children,
it's worse. Mothers who have
unwanted children have a
much higher probability of
substance use. Mothers with unwanted children
tend to leave their children with their
grandparents, aunts and uncles, etc., which is very common in
Latin America, in fact, carrying more
childhood traumas.
I mean, it's not a few things, right? It's not
a few things, exactly.
Jus, thank you very much. I don't think that's an
argument. You prioritize the possibility that they'll die in
childbirth, plus illnesses, it's a
certain death. Abortion, I don't know if you understand me,
but it's  We're not talking about the
probability of death or non-death here. What we
're talking about is what's
best for the person having
the pregnancy. You can't force
someone to have an unwanted pregnancy.
And you can't say that's
murder. Because even at the level of
seeing how the fetus develops
up to 24 or 28 weeks, it can't
feel pain because
its brain isn't even developed. It's not
developed to be able to feel anything.
Anyway. And Diana Gonzlez, thank you very much.
What these gentlemen want is for
people who do achieve something, who are
successful in what they work for, not to
brag about it, to show their results,
but not to boast because otherwise they're
self-centered, with an inferiority complex
in every sense. Diana Gonzlez,
gorgeous, I send you a kiss, darling. I'm sending
you a lot, my girl, you're saying it for
my haters, right? Yes. Hello, hello, hello.
Thank you very much. I left the video when they
started talking about the
scientific method. It's not based on
logic, it's born from it. Logic doesn't  It
exists. It's a way for humans to
abstract reality, which is why it can't be
proven. No, it's that it
can also be proven. You can also prove
something like that. You can also apply
logic, depending on where you want,
through the scientific method, to conduct
a study of how many things are said
correctly in something, what logic is
best applied. You know, yes, it can be
seen and it has been seen throughout
history. It's like that. Yuki, gorgeous,
enormous, says, "I don't remember the name of the
specific case, but you saw the case of
the woman who was literally allergic to
her baby throughout her entire pregnancy, she had
a horrible allergy all over her skin, and
if it didn't last, and if I'm not mistaken, she was left with
scars.  It got horrible, horrible.   I did
n't know, I had no idea, but it happens, it
happens.  has many complications.
So, these complications are things
that you as a mother have to accept that are
going to happen to you.  And if you want to have a
child, accept that all this is going to happen to you
and the psychological damage to your partner, to your
body, will be permanent.  It's going to be
permanent.  So if you want to
take the risk, do it, but do it
consciously and knowing the risks.   Do
n't force someone who doesn't want to
have it to do this, because it's
ridiculous, ridiculous.
Hey, Camistar, thank you very much, says
Dallas.  It's written in the Bible that
all your haters have now become
religious.  Next time they'll attack you
with literal passages from the Bible.  You arrived looking
gorgeous, I'm sending you a kiss, darling.   He
says, "They often personify an
undeveloped fetus, speaking of it as if it
were a sentient, thinking person,
assuming that it would want to live,
also using emotional blackmail, such as what
would have happened if your mother had
aborted you and I think, therefore I exist."
Literally, the axis, the whole reason in the world
is that it is like that, but it is science,
okay?  You've already studied the topic of
babies, okay?  We've already
studied this and they don't feel pain until
around 24-28 weeks.  That's how it is.
That's how it is.  It's just a fact.  It's a
fact that's been verified since the 2000s or earlier,
I'm not even sure when
this started to be verified, but even in
recent studies it's also
verified again.
I swear.  And besit de LG.  Thank you,
Lailo, I really appreciate it.  Um, they
banned me for putting my heart into you, they didn't even
put the super chat.  As?  Oh
really?
T, thank you very much.  I hope there's no
super chat post, eh, I
honestly hope you didn't post any
super chat on that channel, eh?  T,
thank you very much.  I send you a big kiss, Ari,
beautiful.
for your sister Kaoru.  Her name is Kaoru.
Thank you very much.  Yasin,
very handsome.  He says, "If he's a Christian, it's as
if he cares about the woman he thinks
comes from a rib, literally.
I wish he got pregnant. That's how he
'll learn. The more I hear you talk about him,
the more it pisses me off. So she's the one who was supposed to
suffer through the baby's gestation. I swear it was
, right? I swear it was. Yus,
gorgeous. Thank you so much. Now that
you mentioned the physical effects,
I get a kind of
cognitive dissonance. Haha. That's why, even if I don't
agree with things, I like watching your
debates, king. Kisses, my big one, Jus.
That's the point. We can
disagree on things. There's no problem
at all. We can disagree on
things. It's okay. It's just that it's okay
. You don't have to have the
same opinion as me all the time. It's not
irrelevant, it's not a reason to
follow me that we definitely or yes or yes, we think the same
on everything. But the most important thing is that
even if we don't agree,
you give me time to talk, to
understand my position and I give it to you
so we can debate properly. That's the
important thing about a debate, being able to
confront opinions, but not just
confront them, but understand the other person. And all
he was trying to do
was humiliate and monologue. That
's all he's trying
to do, literally. That's all he's
trying to do.
Anyway, guys. And I'm really
, really, really disgusted by
this guy. I really wish he hadn't come up,
okay? I really wish he
hadn't come up and said, "[ __ ]
off, I won't do it." Because I
swear. What a disgusting, disgusting bastard, okay? What a
disgusting, disgusting bastard, I promise you. What a
disgusting, disgusting bastard. It's disgusting. It's that
simple. But there's no way you
can defend not having an abortion.
Abortion has to be a right. That's how it is. You
can't force a woman to have an
unwanted child. It's bad for
everyone. It's  Bad for the woman. It's bad
for the child. It's bad for the man. It's
bad for the country's economy.
You even look at it from a selfish point of view
. It
's bad for the country when women become
pregnant unintentionally. In fact, I
posted some studies here somewhere
about the relationship between the
economy.
Here, look, in countries with restrictions
on abortion, there's more poverty.
Look at this.
What does this map remind you? What does
this map remind you?
The green areas indicate that
everything is allowed. The yellow areas indicate
that it's allowed, but with some
restrictions. The blue areas
also indicate other types of restrictions, but
not as severe. And then the red areas indicate that it's
not allowed under any circumstances, and
the darker red areas indicate that it's almost
never allowed.
Literally,
what correlation do you see here? What
correlation do you see here?
Seriously, just looking at this, what
correlation do you see? Don't
you notice that the poorest places
with the worst economies are the ones that
routinely restrict abortion the most?
Literally.
So, forcing women to have abortions  to have
a child and not allow her to join
the economy because you force her to be relegated
like a dairy cow to have babies,
generally speaking, with
some exceptions, it causes countries to
get worse. Literally, even if you
see it from a selfish point of view, it
doesn't matter. It's also harmful to your
country to not allow a woman to
have a child. It is. Look, Latin America,
Africa.
Latin America, Africa.
Poorest continent, number one.
Poorest continent, number two. You
have it right here, literally. It's right
in front of you.
But that guy is, eh, I swear, right? The thing
is, this study is from a while
ago, I mean, this graph is from a while ago
.
Likewise, Argentina changed
recently, right? I mean, Argentina
was like two years ago, three years ago, I don't
remember very well, but oh well, anyway, it
doesn't matter. The point remains the
same. The point remains the same.
Hm.
Uh, Melisa, thank you very much, gorgeous.
Phew! How annoying.  He read everything, talked about the
most ignorant philosophy, and all he got was
insults about wet, ignorant hair. A
copy of Donald Trump. No, no, it's
ridiculous. I think Donald Trump
is at least capable of debating better than
this guy. I swear, he's unbearable.
And gorgeous. Luckily, I stayed
late at work so I didn't watch a
second of this debate. It's obvious how
biased Red Pill is as a channel.
Finding out about it through you via this
live stream is much better. I love you, gorgeous.
Great Yan, gorgeous. He's friends with a lot of
people who literally hate me. I thought I was
going to have more problems with him, but oh
well, he just sided with the
other guy. I don't know, it doesn't matter. Um,
says Lailo, I asked for a refund, it's a
disgrace. I don't know what you mean,
eh, Lailo. LG, gorgeous, I'm sending you a
kiss. Thank you so much, gorgeous. It's
true that they start to feel at around 6 months
, but even when they're
alive, babies don't develop
consciousness until  4 months old, they don't even
know they exist. Therefore, according to
him, they don't have a conscience like dogs do,
neither do they. Literally, this
stupid argument that dogs don't
have souls because they don't have a conscience
is disgusting, I swear. Disgusting
when dogs have more conscience
than a baby. Literally. Marisa
says, "Beautiful, I love you so much." She says,
"This type of man won't have
empathy for women because they won't be able to experience
life in their own flesh."  what it is like to have
the possibility of becoming pregnant or
becoming pregnant, especially due to rape.   It is
only based on the morality of his god.
On top of that, they called you left-handed.   Scum, scum
.
My carrara, I send you a kiss, beautiful.
Hello handsome.  I'm telling you, I was really
envious of seeing how your haters in the
last live received such a tremendous [ __ ] from
you while I still haven't.
What is that mica?
How good.  Thanks for making me laugh,
gorgeous.  Big kiss.
Well, guys, anyway, I'm going to go
now.  I hope you enjoyed
today's live stream.  I'm leaving.
I hope you enjoyed it and
followed my explanation because I truly
felt so disgustingly
betrayed, that is, deceived.
What a disgusting guy, huh?  I swear.
What a [ __ ] disgusting guy.
Um,
without further ado, guys.
You subscribe and the audio cuts out.  No,
the audio does not cut out.
Um, nothing, guys, subscribe a lot,
thanks for being on today's live stream
, thanks for the support, for the
love, for everything.  Thank you, so
much, beautiful, for that incredible first place, my beautiful girl,
you are the best in the world and thank you so much
for being here, but God truly
loves you so much, a big kiss,
my beautiful girl.  He loves you so much,
really, thank you so much, really,
a lot, okay?  He says, "
Redpill chat is always like this, they always take
sides and do things like
that, it's no joke."  But man, they're
sick, I swear.  I mean, really, they're
going to tell me that I didn't prepare myself,
having prepared so many
studies that I've prepared, and the guy
is just spouting nonsense one after
another, incapable of understanding what I
was saying, incapable of answering
a single question I was
asking him.  It's just, come on, I find it
totally ridiculous, I swear.
Ridiculous, ridiculous, ridiculous.
Shitty comments, huh?  I mean, the
comments are disgusting,
so incredibly disgusting.  Where are they?
Look at this, look at this, eh.  Look, this
is just disgusting, look at these pathetic pieces of [ __ ]. I
swear, it's disgusting.
If the debate is held in person, it would
avoid the atheist's immaturity, interruptions,
insults, victimization, and lack of
intelligence.
But what are you saying, you [ __ ] clown
, who was talking 90-95% of the
time, is sick.  What the [ __ ] are you
saying?
Interruption of what was talked about
uninterruptedly for minutes and
minutes and minutes.
It seems incredible to me, I swear,
right?  I find it incredible.  Blessings,
Rigoberto.
Look at it from here.
Dallas, you need Christ and you will be a
witness.
Dude, seriously, I'm trying to
shoehorn you in, huh?  My beliefs, I
swear, it
stopped being a debate and became a
class.  Yes, a kind of fallacy.
Whenever you participate in a debate, it's
essential to educate yourself on
the topic beforehand so you can present a
solid argument and avoid being completely embarrassed
like Dallas.  But this [ __ ] scum,
what the [ __ ] is he talking about?  I mean, I
assume I don't have to know everything.
If he had at least given me the topics he was
going to cover, at least he
would have informed me, but he didn't give me any
kind of topic about anything he was going to
cover, okay?  I haven't mentioned all the
atrocities I was going to mention and
quote.  It's as simple as debating
with logic.  Scum, eh, but scum,
scum.  Mara Otera, gorgeous, says,
"Dallas, I disagree. If God doesn't
exist, then who the [ __ ] are
you? Gorgeous, huge. Um,
Polaroid, if you want to ask me in the next
live and I'll answer you properly,
okay? Bolaroid a lot, okay? Don't forget to
enter the Discord subscriber chat
, you have it here at
discord.g/dalas and right here
Discord/DAAS which is for 18 year olds.
Thank you very much, gorgeous. Um
uh
Erika Bonilla, thank you very much. Um, yeah, it's
that well, I'm not really
sure when they made the map because it
's a little old, so I don't know, but it doesn't
matter. It's been legal
in your specific country for a few years. The thing is
that it's a more general trend, you
know?
of how not all poor countries uh
are countries that hm prohibit abortion, nor are
all rich countries countries that
allow abortion, but there is a
correlation.
Fruitful, thank you very much.
Religious people think that we are like  them,
but they treat non-Christians like the
worst. I swear, right? I swear. I
mean, ridiculous.
Look at this, look at this, right? Look at this
amount of [ __ ] scum. J. I don't
think you understand what you've accomplished
here, but you're the only person who's ever
managed to get
Dallas to behave like a
bad person for three hours on the internet.
But these [ __ ] scum, really,
they're infected garbage who in their
shitty life have seen a debate, a live stream of
mine and can say, "Oh, how weird am I going
to be there because you have a conception of me
that you've never seen.
Mentally ill, you only go by what
people say, not by what you have
actually seen.  Subhuman garbage, for God's sake,
scum.  Look at this.  Summary, Rigoberto,
quantum computer.  Yes,
quantum computer of fallacies.  Dallas, repeat
the question for me.  Sure, he asked
shitty questions.  Do you want me to do it?
Shitty questions, huh?  But shitty shitty
.
The biggest beating in the history of
debates.  Rigoberto killed him in
less than 5 minutes.   As
?  How?
Pathetic people, huh?  It doesn't matter
what you do.
Dallas just wasn't at Rigoberto's level
.  Of course, that's why I shot him down
with his own arguments, right?  Look,
look at this one, look at this one, look at this one.  The
only thing I saw was that Dallas was not up to
par academically.  Sorry, damn
clown.  Sorry, I didn't put a
single statement, I didn't put it without
its study, without its scientific paper
attached.  Literally, eh, you
just saw it.  There is literally not a
single statement that has not had a
scientific study applied to it, not a
single one.  And they tell me that I don't have the
academic standing.
You scumbags, it's really not
even worth it to debate with this kind
of scum because it doesn't matter what you do, it doesn't
matter what you do, it doesn't
matter what you do, right?  It doesn't matter what you
do.  He says, "Dasas literally
had to draw stick figures to understand.
What a bunch of [ __ ] scum, man. I swear.
How can you all be so pathetic? I
literally drew it because he
wasn't understanding. I drew it because he
wasn't understanding or didn't want to
understand. Where is it?
Here. The guy literally
wasn't understanding what I
was saying to him. And the point is, the point
is very simple. If your soul needs the
brain in order to have thoughts,
then why doesn't the brain? I mean,
why doesn't the soul have thoughts
when the brain is not active? Because
the brain is the one who creates thoughts
. Clown. My God. Look
how simple it is to understand, huh? Within their
own logic, within their own
shitty logic, I literally took him apart
. And they still have the balls to
say that I made the drawing so I could
understand. It was so he would understand,
because he wasn't understanding. My
God, these shitty people are. They
distort everything. No matter what I do,  what he
says, what he shows, what he doesn't
show. It's irrelevant, I swear.
Irrelevant. Irrelevant.
Says Kenez. Don't even watch the videos he talks
about atheists and LGBT people. All I'm missing is
homophobia. The most homophobic are the
gayest, eh, I swear. Um,
says Sofa Vargas, "I don't understand how he
confused pain with memory,
literally, I never said, I never said
anything about memory." And he said that a baby is
n't conscious when a baby
cries from hunger, pain, responds to
visual stimuli. That's not having
consciousness. I don't remember what point in the
debate you're talking about. Visiting Sofa,
gorgeous. Frutfer, thank you very much.
Thank you Kennetz Montero, I really appreciate it
. Thank you Poga, says Rigoberto,
whose ass was left open,
I swear, the thing is that I was able to speak very little
and the little I was able to speak I caught
several contradictions. Anonymous,
thank you very much. A while ago my friend started
dating a Christian.  She was a tea,
but she attended church meetings and she's a believer. I did
n't say anything to her, but I feel like it
ended badly. 100% 100% never ended
well with those things. I swear. What is it?
Some evangelical sect or
Witness or something? Uh, Diana Gonzlez,
thank you very much. She says, "For example, there are
most of the homes and addicts on the
streets of New York.  You simply can't
force a life on someone who does
n't want it.  It's not possible, period.
It's been a while since I caught you live,
beautiful.  God exists and he has the shirt
and he has the orange shirt right now.
Big kiss.  Diana, gorgeous.  I'm
so lost and I send you a
big kiss, my girl.  Thank you very much for
being here.  Anyway, guys,
I really find this abhorrent and disgusting.  I'm going
to copy all this text and I'm going to
put it as a description of this
live so that you can see all the
arguments that I had and you're going to have them
in the description of this live.
In fact, I'm going to update it now.  Just a
moment while I update it.   I
can't because it's too long.  [ __ ].
How much did I go over?  Wow, I went through
a lot.  No, I can't place it.  It's
15,000 characters and it only lets me put
5,000.
Well, I don't know, eh, let's see if I can put it
on Twitter or something.  Hey, maybe I'll
put it on Twitter today.  Anyway, guys,
we love you all so much.  Thank you for
being here, you are loved very much.
Thank you for the support, for the love, for
everything.  Uh, I can literally only
count on you guys because it's just
unbelievable how sick people are and
how sick they are of me.  It's
[ __ ] crazy, huh?  No matter
what you say, it's always a matter of
saying the biggest nonsense possible,
making it all up, of course.  So,
nothing, anyway, honestly, I knew that
the guy was a hater and at least I
would have behaved at his same level
because it makes me sick, eh, I swear, it makes
me sick.  Nothing, guys, eh, I do
n't think I have anything left to salvage from this,
but really, what a disgusting guy, I
swear, what a damn disgusting guy.  Um,
and that's it, see you in the next
live.  Don't forget to join the
Discord subscriber chat here at
discord.g/dallas.  I
highly recommend you go in and
that's 18 years for me and I'll see you in
the next video that I'll upload tomorrow,
which is mainly about this
Aaron thing.  Nothing, guys, I just want to
send you a big, big kiss,
thanks for being here, I'm sending you a
huge kiss, thanks for being here, and I'll
see you tomorrow.  Bye, bye, my
friends, I love you all so much.  ta
mu to